Do you have a bag?
There's no need to waste money.
I'm saving him money and thinking of him like this
It must make him fall in love with me
If they ask you to go, you can go
What's the matter? I'm worried that the cowhide will be blown.
You can't get down this trash
How hungry
You shut up
Didn't you promise to help me vent my anger?
Why don't you believe me?
Go there I went
Miss, you have a good eye.
This bag is a limited edition of our machine.
And your temperament is great.
I don't think much of it.
I'll look at something else
Hey
one hundred thousand
Siyu
Miss Sun doesn't like this one.
I think this bag fits you well.
Thank you Fei Ge
You are so kind to me.
You are my woman
I'm not nice to you. Who am I nice to?
Buying a bag depends on the price.
Poor ghost, I advise you to get out of here
Just buy Long River Hospital
Bragging doesn't draft
Discard like this
To wrap
Miss
Wrap up all the bags in the store